// Compost colors for avaritia. You may add your own colors, change existing ones, or remove colors that aren't needed.
amethyst_singularity, #a1a1a1
copper_singularity, #a1a1a1
cosmic_meatballs, #ffffff
crystal_matrix_ingot, #f2ffff
diamond_lattice, #c2fffe
diamond_singularity, #a1a1a1
emerald_singularity, #a1a1a1
endest_pearl, #f8ffff
gold_singularity, #a1a1a1
infinity_axe, #ffffff
infinity_boots, #ffffff
infinity_bow, #ffffff
infinity_catalyst, #ffffff
infinity_chestplate, #dde0e6
infinity_helmet, #ffffff
infinity_hoe, #cfe4b9
infinity_ingot, #ffffff
infinity_leggings, #ffffff
infinity_pickaxe, #ffffff
infinity_shovel, #ffffff
infinity_singularity, #a1a1a1
infinity_sword, #c2d4da
iron_singularity, #a1a1a1
json_singularity, #a1a1a1
lapis_singularity, #a1a1a1
matter_cluster, #afafaf
netherite_singularity, #a1a1a1
neutron_nugget, #ffffff
neutron_pile, #caccd7
neutronium_ingot, #f2f2f8
quartz_singularity, #a1a1a1
record_fragment, #c9c5c3
redstone_singularity, #a1a1a1
skullfire_sword, #fff1af
ultimate_stew, #bcaeb8
