// Compost colors for maple. You may add your own colors, change existing ones, or remove colors that aren't needed.
anko_dango, #ffffff
apple_juice, #ffffff
bamboo_door, #fff470
bamboo_sign, #f8dd68
beef_rice, #fff8e6
carrot_juice, #ffffff
cheese, #ffda00
cherry_axe, #ffffff
cherry_boots, #fffbff
cherry_chestplate, #ffe0ff
cherry_door, #ffeee6
cherry_helmet, #ffffff
cherry_hoe, #ffffff
cherry_ingot, #fff4ff
cherry_leggings, #fffeff
cherry_nugget, #ffffff
cherry_pickaxe, #ffffff
cherry_sapling, #eaa7cc
cherry_shovel, #ffffff
cherry_sign, #ffc9c5
cherry_sword, #ffbfcd
chorus_juice, #ffffff
cooked_rice, #ffffff
cream, #ffffff
flour, #eec0a4
ginkgo_boat, #ffff62
ginkgo_chest_boat, #ebd039
ginkgo_door, #ffffd6
ginkgo_hanging_sign, #fae678
ginkgo_sapling, #edd27f
ginkgo_sign, #ffffa1
glow_berries_juice, #ffffff
green_tea, #ffffff
green_tea_leaves, #f0ffd3
high_glass_cup, #ffffff
hot_spring_bucket, #e6fafc
kinako_dango, #ffffff
maple_boat, #fff587
maple_chest_boat, #ffbc58
maple_door, #ffffe4
maple_hanging_sign, #ffda94
maple_sapling, #fbc982
maple_sign, #ffffb6
maple_syrup, #ffffff
melon_juice, #ffffff
milk_bottom, #ffffff
milk_icecream, #ffffff
mochi, #ffffff
pink_petals, #fffbff
red_maple_sapling, #da6c68
red_tea, #ffffff
red_tea_leaves, #fffae1
rice, #ffffff
sakura_mochi, #ffffff
sakura_sapling, #fff7e8
salt, #ffffff
sanshoku_dango, #ffffff
soybean, #ffffff
sweet_berries_juice, #ffffff
tofu, #ffffff
zunda_dango, #ffffaf
