// Compost colors for mekanism_extras. You may add your own colors, change existing ones, or remove colors that aren't needed.
absolute_control_circuit, #e6e683
absolute_tier_installer, #ffffff
alloy_radiance, #ffffcc
alloy_shining, #ffffff
alloy_spectrum, #ffffff
alloy_thermonuclear, #ffd2d3
cosmic_control_circuit, #ffe8ff
cosmic_tier_installer, #ffffff
dust_radiance, #ffffe4
enriched_osmium, #ffffff
enriched_radiance, #ffffdd
enriched_shining, #ffffff
enriched_spectrum, #ffffff
enriched_thermonuclear, #ffd4d6
infinite_control_circuit, #e0c3b9
infinite_tier_installer, #ffffff
qio_drive_black_hole, #fff2f4
qio_drive_collapse, #ffebcc
qio_drive_gamma, #ffe4da
qio_drive_singularity, #fff0e1
supreme_control_circuit, #fa797a
supreme_tier_installer, #ffffff
upgrade_creative, #cabbcf
upgrade_ionic_membrane, #bfd2c3
upgrade_stack, #bfd7c6
