// Compost colors for tofucraft. You may add your own colors, change existing ones, or remove colors that aren't needed.
adv_tofugem, #ffffff
agedashi_tofu, #ffffff
antenna_basic, #ffffff
apricot, #ffffcf
apricotjerry_bottle, #fff0c2
apricotjerry_bread, #dea54e
apricotseed, #ffffff
bittern_bottle, #d3ffff
blockleek, #c6ffbe
bottle_dashi, #f7feed
bottle_soyoil, #f7ffd7
bottle_soysause, #8a8a93
bucket_bittern, #aec0c5
bucket_doubanjiang, #b69d93
bucket_soymilk, #dad9d0
bucket_soymilk_nether, #b9a5a2
bucket_soymilk_soul, #a2b6b9
bugle, #b1a81c
chikuwa, #ffffff
chili, #933214
cooked_tofufish, #fae7c8
crimson_fluid_bottle, #da90a2
crimson_soup, #823712
doubanjiang, #c99896
edamame, #c3ff61
edamame_boild, #ffffff
edamame_rice, #8a7c4a
edamame_templa, #ffffb5
filtercloth, #ffffff
fukumame, #ffffeb
fukumeni, #ffffff
gelatin, #ffffff
gelatinraw, #ffffff
glassbowl, #ffffff
goheimochi, #ffffde
hell_mabou, #c59d94
hell_red_soup, #cca08e
hiyayakko, #ffffff
inari, #ffc622
inferno_nether_fukumame, #ff8355
kinako, #ffe773
kinako_bread, #e0cf8d
kinako_mochi, #ffff75
kinakomanju, #ffffff
kouji, #ffffff
koujibase, #ffffff
koyadofustew, #ffffff
kyoninso, #ffffff
leek, #9ac996
leek_boat, #b9ffc2
leek_chest_boat, #abda87
leek_green_boat, #15ca1c
leek_green_chest_boat, #48a425
leek_green_door, #16d626
leek_green_hanging_sign, #25a525
leek_green_sign, #28b520
leek_hanging_sign, #bfffbe
leek_sign, #c3ffb9
mabodofu, #ffffff
meatwrapped_yuba, #fffff1
mincedpotato, #ffffff
miso, #ffffff
miso_cheese_dengaku, #b5803e
misodengaku, #b98c48
misosoup, #ffffff
moyashiitame, #ffffff
moyashiohitashi, #ffffff
music_disc_green_branch, #76d01b
nanban, #ffffff
nanbantofu, #ffffff
natto, #ffffff
natto_cobweb, #fffffe
nattohiyayakko, #ffffff
negima, #30ff12
nether_fukumame, #ff705f
nether_natto, #ff787f
nethermanju, #fb4e58
nikujaga, #ffffff
oage, #fffffa
okara, #ffffff
okara_donut, #be9333
okarastick, #ffffff
onigiri, #ffffff
onigiri_salt, #ffffff
pudding, #ffffff
pudding_soymilk, #ffffff
raw_tofufish, #ffffff
red_soup, #b9a28e
rice, #a2ca52
rice_nether_natto, #fffa98
rice_nether_natto_leek, #ffff96
riceburger, #decdc8
ricenatto, #ffffff
ricenattoleek, #ffffff
ricesoborotofu, #ffffff
ricetofu, #ffffff
rollingpin, #d9b279
salt, #ffffff
saltymelon, #de8343
sapling_apricot, #ffffff
sapling_tofu, #ffffff
seeds_chili, #ffffff
seeds_rice, #faeec0
seeds_soybeans, #e1c033
seeds_soybeans_nether, #b93914
seeds_soybeans_soul, #1493b8
shroom_bottle, #ffcdae
shudofu, #fcfaca
smoketofu, #ffffff
soborotofusaute, #ffffff
soul_fukumame, #5ff2ff
soulmanju, #4efbf1
soy_cheese, #ffffff
soy_chocolate, #c57f3a
soy_karaage, #ff9e19
soy_nether_cheese, #d62836
soy_soul_cheese, #28d6c8
soyball, #ffffff
soybeans_parched, #d99d2d
soycheese_tart, #ffff9a
soymeat, #fffff8
soymeatdon, #fee879
soymilk, #f2ffff
soymilk_annin, #f2ffff
soymilk_apple, #f1f2da
soymilk_cocoa, #bfa19d
soymilk_fruits, #f7e49a
soymilk_hell_bottle, #dabbc8
soymilk_honey, #f5d3be
soymilk_kinako, #e3e1ae
soymilk_pudding, #f1f2da
soymilk_pumpkin, #ffffff
soymilk_ramune, #c9e7ff
soymilk_sakura, #f8ebff
soymilk_soul_bottle, #a8def8
soymilk_strawberry, #f2d4f2
soymilk_tea, #f7ede3
soysause_ramen, #967a3c
soystick, #ffffa5
sprouts, #ffffff
starch, #ffffff
starch_raw, #ffffff
steamed_bread, #ffff94
steamed_bread_cocoa, #ffbe8d
sukiyaki, #b9aa9d
tastybeefstew, #ffffff
tastystew, #ffffff
tf_battery, #ffffff
tf_capacitor, #ffffff
tf_circuit, #ffffff
tf_coil, #ffffff
tf_oscillator, #ffffff
tofu_buns_burger, #ffd98e
tofu_chikuwa, #ffffff
tofu_core, #ffffff
tofu_diamond_axe, #ffffff
tofu_diamond_boots, #c5ffff
tofu_diamond_chestplate, #d9ffff
tofu_diamond_helmet, #a5e3ff
tofu_diamond_hoe, #96a293
tofu_diamond_leggings, #c3ffff
tofu_diamond_pickaxe, #ffffff
tofu_diamond_shovel, #ffffff
tofu_diamond_sword, #c3ffff
tofu_flower, #ffffff
tofu_key, #d2ffff
tofu_kinu_axe, #ffffff
tofu_kinu_boots, #f5f8ea
tofu_kinu_chestplate, #ffffff
tofu_kinu_helmet, #e1e3d7
tofu_kinu_hoe, #b1a07a
tofu_kinu_leggings, #fbfcf1
tofu_kinu_pickaxe, #ffffff
tofu_kinu_shovel, #ffffff
tofu_kinu_sword, #ffffff
tofu_metal_axe, #ffffff
tofu_metal_boots, #d2eaf7
tofu_metal_chain, #ffffff
tofu_metal_chestplate, #fbffff
tofu_metal_helmet, #becdd7
tofu_metal_hoe, #aea489
tofu_metal_lantern, #ffe6b5
tofu_metal_leggings, #e4faff
tofu_metal_pickaxe, #ffffff
tofu_metal_shears, #e1c0bc
tofu_metal_shovel, #ffffff
tofu_metal_soul_lantern, #ddffff
tofu_metal_sword, #ffffff
tofu_momen_axe, #ffffff
tofu_momen_boots, #ffffe1
tofu_momen_chestplate, #ffffd2
tofu_momen_helmet, #fcf7ca
tofu_momen_hoe, #b8a570
tofu_momen_leggings, #ffffe3
tofu_momen_pickaxe, #ffffff
tofu_momen_shovel, #ffffff
tofu_momen_sword, #ffffff
tofu_solid_axe, #ffffff
tofu_solid_boots, #f2eda4
tofu_solid_chestplate, #ffffaf
tofu_solid_helmet, #d2c98a
tofu_solid_hoe, #a59357
tofu_solid_leggings, #fbf5aa
tofu_solid_pickaxe, #ffffff
tofu_solid_shovel, #ffffff
tofu_solid_sword, #ffffff
tofu_stem_boat, #ffffa1
tofu_stem_chest_boat, #ffde7a
tofu_upgrade_smithing_template, #edf1ae
tofuannin, #ffffff
tofucake, #ffffff
tofucookie, #ffffcc
tofudiamond, #ffffff
tofudiamondnugget, #cdffff
tofudoor_grilled, #fffff8
tofudoor_hell, #ffcdbf
tofudoor_ishi, #ffffff
tofudoor_kinu, #ffffff
tofudoor_metal, #ffffff
tofudoor_momen, #ffffff
tofudoor_soul, #2faac3
tofudoor_zunda, #ffffe6
tofudried, #ffffcf
tofuegg, #ffffaa
tofufish_bucket, #bfc3d3
tofufish_soymilk_bucket, #d6d6d3
tofufried, #ffc82d
tofufried_pouch, #ffffff
tofugem, #f1f1f0
tofugrilled, #ffffff
tofuhamburg, #ffffff
tofuhamburg_raw, #ffffff
tofuhell, #b54b34
tofuishi, #fffeac
tofukinu, #ffffff
tofuladder_grilled, #ffffff
tofuladder_hell, #feb19e
tofuladder_ishi, #ffffff
tofuladder_ishibrick, #ffffff
tofuladder_kinu, #ffffff
tofuladder_metal, #ffffff
tofuladder_momen, #ffffff
tofuladder_soul, #32aeca
tofuladder_zunda, #fbffcd
tofumetal, #ffffff
tofuminced, #ffffff
tofumiso, #fffb48
tofumomen, #fffff5
tofunian_banner_pattern, #ffffe8
tofunian_soy_chocolate, #c38c44
tofuscoop, #c68c4a
tofusesame, #bcbcc0
tofusomen, #ffffff
tofusomenbowl_glass, #ffffff
tofusoul, #3398ae
tofusteak, #ffed6c
tofustem_door, #ffffd9
tofustem_hanging_sign, #ffe06b
tofustem_sign, #fff276
tofustick, #eacd64
tofustrawberry, #ffeee6
tofutorch_grilled, #ffffff
tofutorch_hell, #ffffff
tofutorch_ishi, #ffffff
tofutorch_kinu, #ffffff
tofutorch_metal, #ffffff
tofutorch_momen, #ffffff
tofutorch_soul, #43c5dc
tofutorch_zunda, #ffffff
tofuzunda, #9ef250
tomato_soybean_stew, #8e5016
tttburger, #e6cf5b
warped_fluid_bottle, #80c8d2
yakionigiri_miso, #ffffff
yakionigiri_shoyu, #ffffff
yuba, #ffffff
yudofu, #b5a883
zunda, #f0ffcc
zunda_arrow, #b4d636
zunda_bow, #8ed743
zunda_mochi, #beed8e
zunda_upgrade_smithing_template, #fffffb
zundama, #84e61f
zundamanju, #ffffff
zundamushroom_on_a_stick, #868358
zundaruby, #87c846
zundatofu_mushroom, #e0ffa7
zundatofucake, #d0ff78
